welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Punisher season 1 The Punisher was
introduced in daredevil season 2 go
watch that recap if you haven't seen it
basically Freeth castle was a war hero
whose family was tragically killed in a
drug deal gone bad
he spent the season hunting down all the
gang members involved and bringing them
to justice and by justice
he needs death because I'm like
daredevil he has no problems killing bad
guys turns out his old army commander
was the main drug dealer at the
blacksmith so he kills him too and then
in a big explosion everyone thinks the
Punisher is dead but Frank still out
there hunting down the last few
stragglers eventually he gets them and
his quest for vengeance is complete
what's he gonna do now well he grows a
sweet hipster beard and gets a job at a
construction site some of the bad
influence construction workers convinced
this nice kid to join them in robbing a
mob run poker game but nice kid drops
his wallet with his ID and it's like wow
you're the worst thief ever so the mean
guy's gonna kill the nice kid to protect
themselves throw him in the cement mixer
but Frank was there to see it cuz he's
working late he doesn't have many
hobbies so Frank beats up the mean guys
saves the nice kid then goes down to the
poker game and shoots up all the mob
guys yeah Punisher back on the streets
but wait who's this watching him with
date recognition technology is that a
real thing it's nerdy computer guy might
grow so Micro calls Frank a man we
should be friends but Frank's first
instinct is to kill him
luckily micro was over on the other roof
and he left the phone for him hey call
me maybe at the end of daredevil season
2 Frank found a CD that micro left forum
what's on that well it's a video of
Frank interrogating terrorists back in
Afghanistan but Homeland Security Agent
Madani would love to get that video see
that wasn't a terrorist it was her
Afghani partner when she was working
over there she's got a new goofy partner
now in a dick boss who's like drop it
Madani so Frank dresses up as a homeless
guy to see his friend reporter Karen
page are these two having a romance arc
now they're just friends for now she
talks to her boss who knows Mike Rowe
was an NSA agent gone bad selling
secrets to the enemy and he was shot
about a year ago but the story was shut
down by Madonna's dick boss so Frank
goes to pay him a visit they have a
little kitchen fight and eventually
Frank Gatson starts interrogating him
but he breaks free and grabs the gun now
that he's got all the power he feels
like talking see Mike Rowe didn't go bad
someone sent him that video and he tried
to blow the whistle so they killed him
to cover it up and they thought Frank
was the one who sent him the video so
that's why they tried to kill him in the
big shoe
where his family died so he goes to kill
Frank but oh the guns not loaded yeah it
was a trick to make him talk and Frank
takes him out Karen also tells Frank
that micro has a family so Frank goes
and gets hit by his wife's car assuming
that he's watching them and he'll come
out of hiding and Frank follows him back
to a secret hideout and ties him naked
to a chair so how did micro survive
getting shot well he keeps his phone in
his front shirt pocket like an absolute
lunatic anyway the place is set to
explode if he doesn't type in a code
every few minutes so Frank lets him do
that but he grabs his poison pencil
stabs Frank and manages to escape he's
like hey man I'm seriously not your
enemy the same people want us dead we
need to work together to clear our names
Frank's like alright time for some more
backstory see I was part of an
off-the-books black ops mission called
project Cerberus it was run by his old
commander the blacksmith that was
smuggling heroin and also the CIA guy
Agent Orange they had a good year
running around Afghanistan killing
terrorists until one day their new
mission was obviously a trap and Agent
Orange is like yo man it's not a trap
but it was a trap so Frank had to go
into beast mode and single-handedly
saved the entire squad and when he gets
back he punches agent oranges eye out
ouch
micros icon this agent orange guy sounds
like he's the top of the whole
conspiracy he's the one we need to find
and bring to justice Frank's like hey I
don't bring people to justice I bring
them to death and micros like yeah I'm
okay with that The Punisher needs some
guns so he visits our favorite New York
lowlife Turk but Holly's got right now
is this pink one
Punisher no work in pink luckily micro
hacks homeland and finds out they're
about to seize a bunch of guns right now
so Frank busts in there to seize him
first but Madonna is not gonna let that
happen she's got her cool car and they
have a fast and furious game of chicken
butt oh-ho she gets hit by micro coming
in Frank doesn't kill good guys so he
saves her from the car she's like a
Punisher you're alive he's like yeah I
don't tell anyone so now she's
investigating the Punisher and goes to
see Billy Russo who was Frank's best
friend back in the Army now he runs an
Ville a private military contractor
these two have a beer then have a sex
but he doesn't know anything he thinks
Frank's dead so what about the other
guys in Cerberus who actually made the
video well it was probably their friend
gunner
Frank it goes to pay him a visit at his
cabin but it all gets shot by a bow and
arrow cuz that's gunner style but
eventually they get to talking and he
explains that he found out their bosses
were smuggling heroin and using Cerberus
to kill anyone they needed to to cover
it up he gives them the name of another
Colonel that was in on it but Madani was
also looking into gunner an agent orange
has her office bugged so he
sends in a hit squad to play a real-life
game with call of duty but gunner is a
master of Rambo traps so he and Frank
easily take these guys out they do both
get shot though gunner bleeds out and
Frank's going to - but micro grabs him
and goes to see Frank's old buddy Curtis
Curtis is running a support group for
vets and he's enough of a medic to
staple Frank back together then Billy
Russo finds out Frank's still alive he
tracks him down bros reunited he's like
hey man I got anvil I can get you a job
get you overseas start a new life but
Frank's like hey I still got unfinished
business punishing and it's a good thing
Frank turned him down because he's
working with Agent Orange Oh
betrayal it's now Franken micro going
after the colonel gunner told him about
he's having a nice Saturday night when
Frank busts in to ruin it but the bad
guys were waiting for him so Frank's got
a smoke up the room and buy some time
while micro clones the guys phone Frank
escapes and they tracked the guy's
location the Agent Orange is safehouse
the bad guys killed him cuz he's a
liability now and Frank's gonna snipe
Agent Orange but who bulletproof glass
not gonna be that easy
back at home micro lost the video feed
of his family so Frank goes to check it
out it was just a Wi-Fi down but Frank
and micros wife kind of became friends
and they're drinking rosy hello she
kisses him awkward micro takes it pretty
hard at first but then he's like I guess
it's fair I am technically dead so he
and Frank get drunk and become best Bros
for life now Madani thinks it's a weird
coincidence the day after she mentions
gunner he ends up dead and sure enough
she finds the bug so she talks very
loudly about an operation to capture the
punisher hoping to draw out whoever's
after him and it works these guys take
the bait but they're ambushed by
homeland agents and whole it turns into
a big shootout Billy Russo almost
escapes but goofy partner catches him
let's see who's under the mask
scooby-doo oh one it's my boss's
boyfriend oh I'm stabbed to death
oh so Madani super sad to lose another
partner and she gets a sponge bath from
her boyfriend who is reporting his
killer betrayal then it's an unrelated
site adventure Bloo whom terrorists
attacked on some government office in
curtis's support group there was this
young vet who's having a real tough time
living in a foxhole in his backyard
long story short he decides he needs to
fight against the government that
abandoned him and that's why he blows up
this office Frank's like yo I hate
terrorists it's time for this kid to get
punished
Curtis finds him first and they have a
fight but Curtis lost his leg in the war
and this kid beats him with it uncool
Frank gets there in time to save him but
then the cops show up and Frank has to
escape a fortune
he's caught on camera and now the world
knows he's alive and thinks he's a
terrorist the kid also threatened this
senator so he hires anvil to protect him
he's doing an interview with Karen page
about it but boom he hits the room he's
gonna shoot him but Frank gets there
just in time
he takes Karen hostage and Frank's
chasing him down to the basement but
Madani shows up first Frank's like yo
you could shoot me or you can let me go
stop this terrorist she lets him go but
Oh Frank's shot by Billy Russo Frank and
Madani both realized he's a bad guy
betrayal but the cops show up before
they could shoot each other
Frank's not one to be arrested though so
he makes it down to the kitchens where
the guys got Karen they manage to get
him in the freezer and the kids like man
maybe I just blow myself up Frank's like
yeah I think you should so boom big
tragedy really anyway there's a bunch of
cops outside so Frank has to pretend to
take Karen hostage to escape are these
two gonna make out no no not yet and
Frank escapes on a zip line so Frank
castles a wanted man Mike Rowe's wife is
like I can't believe I made out with the
Punisher just then some bad guys show up
to kidnap them and micro knows they're
coming here next so Punisher suits up
and when the bad guys get there he takes
them all out with a variety of real big
guns they go to SEMA Donnie and Frank
agrees to go on the record about
everything then they're gonna trade
themselves for Mike Rowe's family it's
like what husband you're alive
yeah don't worry about it baby it's cool
but then homeland shows up the bad guys
grab Frank but Mike Rowe gets shot on
the way out no the bad guys get away and
bring Frank back to his hideout
he's a bill you my best friend you
killed my family and he's like sorry bro
I did know Mike Rowe had it raped to
leak all the information in case he dies
so Agent Orange comes in person to do
some light torture on Frank Frank agrees
to shut it down but he really turns on
all the cameras and Mike Rowe is alive
yeah it was a fake out they wanted to
lure agent orange out to collect some
hard evidence but Frank had a knife
under the chair although stabs the guy
so now he wants to do some serious
torture on Frank Billy Russo pulls him
off he's like hey this was my best bro
I'm gonna give him a quick death but
agent orange is like don't you tear I
want to torture him
so Billy cuts Frank zip tie and is like
fine come get him so boom Frank busts
free agent orange in for a world of pain
oh he kills him with his bare hands and
it's finally over
except for Billy of course who's like
I'm just gonna back on out of here
but it's too late homeland shows up
Billy packs his Go Bag and is ready to
erase his identity
start a new life but he knows Frank will
never stop hunting him so they meet at
the old carousel where Frank's family
got shot for a final showdown these two
shoot at each other a bunch eventually
both get hit and then it all comes down
to a knife fight
which Oh Frank wins Frank smashes his
pretty face all over a mirror and
decides to let him live to be ugly for
the rest of his life so the day is saved
my crow's name is cleared he's reunited
with his family a Madani came to the
merry-go-round and immediately got shot
but she's fine to the cia's like hey
Frank sorry one of our rogue agents used
you and killed your family we've told
the world Frank castles dead so you can
go out and start a new life so he goes
to see his friend Curtis and he's like
man I've been living for vengeance for
so long I don't know what to do with
myself anymore
and that's how Punisher season 1 comes
to an end
[Music]